Slimming brother just scared me to death
If you don't say it, I don't think so.
I'm so scared when you say it
Scared me to death
I'm afraid of you two
Oops ok ok
Now that everything is safe
I'll take you home first
Mr. Zhang walk slowly
Dad, how did you know I was here?
Don't know how to get into trouble
Take a closer look at who I am
You you
You are not my father
It's grandpa
How did you get out?
I haven't figured out that your trip is in big trouble
Senior brother, that Zhang Shoucheng is really amazing
I just slapped him
Since you want my decades of cultivation
It's really bitter
To this Zhang Shoucheng
I don't know where I learned the spell from
So amazing
awesome
My show only adds a hundred years to reach its peak
No matter how powerful he is, he can't escape my palm
Junior sister, don't worry
Zhang Shoucheng dares to bully you
I will make him fight
Right
This Zhang Shoucheng
Dare to provoke you two
I think he ate the gall of an ambitious leopard
How about this?
You, lend me a few more thieves.
I will definitely catch him and mess with me
bastard
I have no disciples today
You still want to ask me
Zhang Shoucheng is so powerful
There must be a cultivation base
Don't be reckless